CQL 1.5.3 Upgrade (#3)
HL7-Quality/cds-connect-authoring-tool: frontend/README.md

The Clinical Decision Support (CDS) Authoring Tool is a web-based application aimed at simplifying the creation of production-ready CQL code. The project is based on "concept templates" (e.g. gender, HDL Cholesterol, etc.), which allow for additional clinical concepts to be included in the future. Concept modifiers are included to allow for more flexible definitions (e.g. most recent, value comparisons, etc.).

This version of the CDS Authoring Tool is developed by a community of HL7 stakeholders. The code was originally part of the [CDS Connect](https://cds.ahrq.gov/cdsconnect) project sponsored by the [Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality](https://www.ahrq.gov/) (AHRQ), and initially developed under contract with AHRQ by MITRE's [Health FFRDC](https://www.mitre.org/our-impact/rd-centers/health-ffrdc).

## Development Details

> This web frontend UI project provides is written in React. It was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app). Relevant files are in the `src/` filter. Refer to the Create React App [User Guide](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app/blob/master/packages/react-scripts/template/README.md) for guidance on features and how to perform common tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This web frontend UI project is written in React. It was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app). Relevant files are in the `src/` filter. Refer to the Create React App [User Guide](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app/blob/master/packages/react-scripts/template/README.md) for guidance on features and how to perform common tasks.
```

> To develop this project you must install the version of Node referenced in [the Dockerfile](../Dockerfile) , which will also install npm. On macOS, for example, this can be done through (recommended) [Node Version Manager](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm?tab=readme-ov-file#installing-and-updating) (NVM), Homebrew (brew), or manually, such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To develop this project you must install Node version 24.5.0, which will also install npm. On macOS, for example, this can be done through (recommended) [Node Version Manager](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm?tab=readme-ov-file#installing-and-updating) (NVM), Homebrew (brew), asdf, or manually, such as:
```
